Responsibilities

Responsibilities
Designing and developing high quality, resilient and easily maintainable software.
Collaborating with cross-functional disciplines to drive design, development, testing and release of software that enhances customer experience.
Striving for engineering excellence by helping evolve development guidelines, engineering practices, tools and processes.

Qualifications

Qualifications
7+ years of industry experience
Exceptional teamwork and values that foster a positive team culture.
Strong and applied knowledge of object-oriented programming languages such as C#.
Strong and applied knowledge of service infrastructure, frameworks, and technologies such as Azure Service Fabric, ASP.NET Core, .Net Core and Git.
Knowledge of common services design patterns and application development best practices.
Experience in working within an agile software development team, leveraging experimentation and prototyping, while continuing to measure and iterate.
Proven ability to work through the full DevOps lifecycle from initial design to final product to live site support.
Proven fundamental understanding of how to deliver end-to-end scenarios with security, reliability, and engineering quality in mind.
Ability to learn and work effectively in a highly ambiguous, rapidly evolving environment.
Knowledge of Azure technologies (Storage, Active Directory, Application Insights etc.) is a plus.
Knowledge of frontend technologies such as React, HTML5, CSS3 is a plus.


Leading a team of data developers in the data delivery team
Reviewing data pipelines delivered by the data delivery team, ensuring alignment to objectives (expected results), coding and performance standards and support considerations
Building and deploying high volume/complexity data pipelines into the production environment
Coding and performance standards and ensuring consistency across data delivery
Responsible for defining and refining the estimation framework for the development of data pipelines of varying complexity and suitable for multiple levels of coding proficiency
Responsible for achieving delivery velocity and quality targets
Responsible for providing estimates for the development of data pipelines of varying complexity and suitable for multiple levels of coding proficiency
Ensuring cohesive engagement of the implementation function with a multidisciplinary team of Analysts, Solution Designers and Stream Leads to complete projects and smaller work requests to agreed scope, timeframes and budget


Understand business issues and challenges, and forward plans and ensure the IT service integrity.
Proactively identify the service improvement requirement and support delivery small enhancements.

Developing Unit Testing framework and automating System Testing.
Ensure effective engagement with stakeholders for the provision of system support.

Provide strong technical leadership, raise the technical bar, maintain data and?results-driven?culture, nurture a team culture of high collaboration and trust.?
Drive long-term architecture and detailed design for highly scalable distributed systems with simplicity and maintainability as core?tenets.?
Collaborate across Azure to develop platforms that help simplify the management and monitoring of Edge devices at scale.?
Communicate effectively and partner well with other disciplines of the project team to deliver high quality solutions from ideas to production code.?
Write exemplary code working with large scale distributed systems?with?quality, simplicity, and maintainability as core tenets.?
Mentor and develop engineers across all levels through sharing and learning.?
Be a role model for?open, honest and inclusive approach to problem?solving.?



Experience with continuous integration and continuous deployment
Curiosity and willingness to question
High enthusiasm, integrity, ingenuity, results-orientation, self-motivation, and resourcefulness in a fast-paced environment
Experience developing and managing scalable cloud services
Have a deep desire to work collaboratively, solve problems with groups, find win/win solutions and celebrate successes.
Get excited by the challenge of hard technical problems.
Solve problems by always leading with deep passion and empathy for customers.
Understanding of data structures, algorithms and distributed systems
Excellent communication and collaboration skills with proven technical leadership skills